---
layout: post
category: daily
title: Today's Finds
image: /assets/dithered/weather-systems.png
---

## Tracklist:
<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/2XMHU2sMfGaGmolVD4YXbf?utm_source=generator&theme=0" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

---
1. I started my day with this new release from Finally George, a solo project by the german musician Georg Hahn. His 2021 album "Icy Skies" was also pretty good. While listening to the new single, I couldn't help but think about Alan Parsons Project. Definitely lots of influences from them.
2. We have pretty good bands in the prog rock scene in Poland. Amarok is definitely one of them. This song is from their new album "Hope", which was released in this year.
3. For this one, I must say that I'm a big fan of Antimatter. I also had the chance to see them live last year in Düsseldorf and talk with Mick Moss. He was a very kind person. And this song is a collaboration between Oceans of Slumber and Mick Moss. I liked it a lot.
4. Anathema's Danny Cavanagh is back with a new project called Weather Systems. As some of you may know, he had a really bad time after the Covid-19 pandemic. Hopefully, he's doing well now and we have a new single from him called "Synaesthesia". This will be the first song from his upcoming album "Ocean Without A Shore". The album will be released on 27 September. I'm really looking forward to it.
5. I don't have anything to say about this song. Just give it a listen.
6. I listened to Katatonia a lot during the winter 2020. They are quite unique in their gothic, dark sound. It's not surprising that the Cure is one of their influences. This song is from their 2009 album "Night is the New Day".